On the night of March 31st, at 9:31 PM PST, at the Restaurant of Paddy Coynes in Bellevue Washington:

She kept telling me about her son, how he is double majoring in Economics and Mathematics. This is a useful and interesting degree for the Agentiq Capital Product Development Trajectory. Primarily for our LFM which we already have one intern on from Duke University. 
I wanted to talk to him and give him information about an internship opportunity. And use the time frame to work our questions, concerns, etc. 
I asked her to call him and lets have a video conference call together. 

I introduced myself and, congratulated him on doing a double major in Math and Econ and that that is a primary focus vector of my company. 
It was surprising but, possibly expected - it is common in Bellevue - women using dating apps for revenue, not romance. His response was:

"Yeah, thanks, actually working on that now so, see yah" click. 
Then, in English on wechat, which he normally types to her in Chinese, he started lecturing her on not being a parasite in life and how she needs to stop using men for money. So, it was an absolute confirmation that her funds are sourced from his allowance provided by a wealthy father and, not a point of concern but, one of expectation that she tried to alleviate - women looking for wallets, not dates. 

She did not buy this car on any funds that she herself has access to. Her son, who sources her finances, drives a 20-30k White Bronco. 



"Stop using and taking advantage of Men for Money Mom. You are a parasite. Get a job and a life"

This is not someone who roles a 5k a month car payment or, lays down full cash payments of 220k because, gee this ones nice. 

The apartment is at 6k a month with a 2k a month HOA fee is afforded by her son via his allowance. He allows her to live there and made a promise that since she had custody he will always help her financially, (likely legally), and with an IQ when she's in troubling situations. (on annoucement of investigation to perpetrator, slice them from each other. His apartment is being used to bait men to spy on and impede in the tech industry. Are you an accomplice? If you are we will cancel your ability to receive a US education, cancel you visa, put you on a no fly list, prosecute you, imprison you, and send you back to China for good - a career or business activities in the US will be removed indefinitely from your future. Any money transferred to suspects is questionable. Any conversation, suspect. Consider your future) --- Will remove the impediment to prosecution. 



For reference, to call, contact, interrogate or interview (for interviewers: this above text will position him into a place were he will go on the record)
Lucas He, Student at NYU. Address in question: 10700 8th ave, Bellewue WA, Apt 3302